Add identity key support for PSA attestation (#8188)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

  * Added :ref:`configuration<sensor_stub_config>` for the Sensor stub driver.

* Added :ref:`identity_key_generate` sample to show generation of an identity key that is stored in the Key Management Unit (KMU).

> * Added :ref:`identity_key_usage` sample to show how to make use of a Key Management Unit (KMU) stored identity key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added :ref:`identity_key_usage` sample to show how to make use of an identity key stored in the Key Management Unit (KMU).
```

Trusted Firmware-M
==================

* Added:

>   * Added support for a PSA attestation key using an identity key stored in the Key Management Unit (KMU).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  * Added support for the PSA Initial Attestation Token (IAT)
  * Added support for provisioning an identity key that is used by the IAT
```

Is "PSA attestation key" accurate? Should we say we support the IAT instead?

Is it too bold to say that we support provisioning devices now?

Reviewer 2: "PSA attestation key using an identity key"

Is the identity key not the PSA attestation key ?

Reviewer 3: Done
